This is a no-markup-markup document, sporting the following cool features:

(1)   labled display line at level 0
      unlabeled display lines at level 0
      more unlabeled display lines at level 0
(2)   labeled display lines at level 0

(3)   Bullet lists:

      here preceded by a text block at level 1, whose (lack of) linebreaks are
      not respected.

      (a)   preceded by labeled display lines at level 1
            preceded by unlabeled display line at level 1, whose (lack of) linebreaks are respected.

      ─     Here is one bullet item.

                  unlabled display line at level 2, whose (lack of) linebreaks are respected.

      ─     Here is another one.

            but this is interpreted as a text block at level 2, whose (lack of)
            linebreaks are not respected.

      this is interpreted as a text block at level 1, whose (lack of) linebreaks
      are not respected.

In fact, here are some more unlabled display lines:

      this one
      and this one
(4)   followed by a labeled one
      followed by an unlabeled one
(5)   labeled with name

(6)   Numbered lists with labels that are either

      (a)   automatic, or

      (*)   custom.

      Furthermore, each item can be ṉa̱m̱e̱ḏ and ṟe̱f̱e̱ṟṟe̱ḏ ̱ṯo̱:

      (b)   The named item can be referred to anywhere in the document.

      (c)   When referring to (b) above, any common initial path shared between
            the location of the referring expression and the location of its
            referent will be omitted. The same applies with respect to (**)
            below.

      (**)  Of course, items with custom labels can also be named!

Due to the feature mentioned in (6)(c), a reference to (6)(b) or (6)(**)
occurring elsewhere may appear differently.

(7)   Displayed lines of text suitable for mathematical equations, which are
      either

            unlabeled
      (a)   automatically labeled (and named),
      (+)   custom labeled (and named), or,
            unlike (a) above, unlabeled.

It can even end with

      unlabled display block
